[Workflows] Proprely spell `separate` (#19609)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workflows/build/rules-of-workflows.mdx

```ts
export class MyWorkflow extends WorkflowEntrypoint {
	async run(event: WorkflowEvent<Params>, step: WorkflowStep) {

> 		// 🔴 Bad: you're calling two separate services from within the same step. This might cause

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		// 🔴 Bad: you are calling two separate services from within the same step. This might cause
```
Let's also remove the contraction.
